Give me all cosmonauts.
In which country does the Nile start?
When is the movie Worst Case Scenario going to be in cinemas in the Netherlands?
Which German cities have more than 250000 inhabitants?
Who was John F. Kennedy's vice president?
Who is the mayor of Berlin?
How many students does the Free University in Amsterdam have?
What is the second highest mountain on Earth?
Give me all professional skateboarders from Sweden.
When was Alberta admitted as province?
To which countries does the Himalayan mountain system extend?
Give me a list of all bandleaders that play trumpet.
Which countries have more than ten caves?
What is the total amount of men and women serving in the FDNY?
Who produces Orangina?
Who is the Formula 1 race driver with the most races?
Give me all world heritage sites designated within the past two years.
Who is the youngest player in the Premier League?
Give me all members of Prodigy.
What is the longest river?
Does Breaking Bad have more episodes than Game of Thrones?
Give me all cars that are produced in Germany.
What were the main discoveries of the Mars rover Curiosity?
Give me all people that were born in Vienna and died in Berlin.
Is proinsulin a protein?
How tall is Michael Jordan?
What is the capital of Canada?
Who is the governor of Wyoming?
Do Prince Harry and Prince William have the same mother?
Who was the father of Queen Elizabeth II?
Which U.S. state has been admitted latest?
How many languages are spoken in Turkmenistan?
Sean Parnell is the governor of which U.S. state?
Give me all movies directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
Give me all actors starring in movies directed by William Shatner.
Are tree frogs a type of amphibian?
What is the birth name of Angela Merkel?
Give me all Methodist politicians.
How often did Jane Fonda marry?
Give me all Australian nonprofit organizations.
In which military conflicts did Lawrence of Arabia participate?
Who developed Minecraft?
What is the melting point of copper?
Give me all sister cities of Brno.
How many inhabitants does Maribor have?
Give me all companies in Munich.
How tall is Claudia Schiffer?
List all games by GMT.
Who founded Intel?
Who is the husband of Amanda Palmer?
Give me all breeds of the German Shepherd dog.
Which cities does the Weser flow through?
Which countries are connected by the Rhine?
Which professional surfers were born in Australia?
What is the average temperature on Hawaii?
In which UK city are the headquarters of the MI6?
Which other weapons did the designer of the Uzi develop?
Who created Goofy?
Was the Cuban Missile Crisis earlier than the Bay of Pigs Invasion?
Give me all islands that belong to Japan.
Who invented the zipper?
What is the ruling party in Lisbon?
What are the nicknames of San Francisco?
Which Greek goddesses dwelt on Mount Olympus?
When were the Hells Angels founded?
Give me all Apollo 14 astronauts.
What is the time zone of Salt Lake City?
Which U.S. states are in the same time zone as Utah?
Give me the capitals of all countries in Africa.
Give me a list of all lakes in Denmark.
How many space missions have there been?
Did Socrates influence Aristotle?
Give me all Danish films.
Give me all launch pads operated by NASA.
Which instruments does Cat Stevens play?
Which ships were called after Benjamin Franklin?
Who are the parents of the wife of Juan Carlos I?
How many employees does Google have?
Did Tesla win a nobel prize in physics?
Give me all cities in New Jersey with more than 100000 inhabitants.
Is Michelle Obama the wife of Barack Obama?
When was the Statue of Liberty built?
In which U.S. state is Fort Knox located?
How many children did Benjamin Franklin have?
When did Michael Jackson die?
Which Chess players died in the same place they were born in?
List the children of Margaret Thatcher.
Who was called Scarface?
Was Margaret Thatcher a chemist?
Was Marc Chagall a jew?
Which museum exhibits The Scream by Munch?
Give me all books by William Goldman with more than 300 pages.
Which books by Kerouac were published by Viking Press?
Give me a list of all American inventions.
How high is the Mount Everest?
Who created the comic Captain America?
How many people live in the capital of Australia?
What is the largest city in Australia?
Who composed the music for Harold and Maude?
Which films starring Clint Eastwood did he direct himself?
In which city was the former Dutch queen Juliana buried?
Is Egypts largest city also its capital?
Where is the residence of the prime minister of Spain?
Which U.S. state has the abbreviation MN?
Show me all songs from Bruce Springsteen released between 1980 and 1990.
Which movies did Kurosawa direct after Rashomon?
What is the founding year of the brewery that produces Pilsner Urquell?
Who wrote the lyrics for the Polish national anthem?
Give me all B-sides of the Ramones.
Who painted The Storm on the Sea of Galilee?
Which country does the creator of Miffy come from?
For which label did Elvis record his first album?
Give me the birthdays of all actors of the television show Charmed.
How many employees does IBM have?
Which states border Illinois?
In which country is the Limerick Lake?
Which television shows were created by Walt Disney?
Which mountain is the highest after the Annapurna?
In which films directed by Garry Marshall was Julia Roberts starring?
Which bridges are of the same type as the Manhattan Bridge?
Was U.S. president Jackson involved in a war?
Give me all communist countries.
Which awards did WikiLeaks win?
Who is the daughter of Ingrid Bergman married to?
Which U.S. state has the highest population density?
What is the currency of the Czech Republic?
Which countries adopted the Euro?
What is the area code of Berlin?
Which countries have more than two official languages?
Who is the owner of Universal Studios?
Through which countries does the Yenisei river flow?
When did Latvia join the EU?
Which monarchs were married to a German?
When was the Battle of Gettysburg?
Which river does the Brooklyn Bridge cross?
What is the highest mountain in Australia?
Give me all soccer clubs in Spain.
What is the official language of Suriname?
Who is the mayor of Tel Aviv?
Who designed the Brooklyn Bridge?
Which telecommunications organizations are located in Belgium?
Is Frank Herbert still alive?
What is the highest place of the Urals?
Who is the editor of Forbes?
Give me all companies in the advertising industry.
How many countries are there in Europe?
What did Bruce Carver die from?
Give me all libraries established earlier than 1400.
Which presidents were born in 1945?
Give me all federal chancellors of Germany.
Who was the wife of U.S. president Lincoln?
Who developed the video game World of Warcraft?
What is the official website of Tom Cruise?
List all episodes of the first season of the HBO television series The Sopranos.
Who produced the most films?
Give me all people with first name Jimmy.
In which city did John F. Kennedy die?
Is there a video game called Battle Chess?
Which mountains are higher than the Nanga Parbat?
Who created Wikipedia?
Give me all actors starring in Last Action Hero.
Which software has been developed by organizations founded in California?
Which companies work in the aerospace industry as well as in medicine?
Is Christian Bale starring in Velvet Goldmine?
Give me the websites of companies with more than 500000 employees.
Which actors were born in Germany?
Which caves have more than 3 entrances?
Is the wife of president Obama called Michelle?
Give me all films produced by Hal Roach.
Give me all video games published by Mean Hamster Software.
Which languages are spoken in Estonia?
How many Aldi stores are there?
Which capitals in Europe were host cities of the summer olympic games?
Who was the first president of the United States?
How many films did Hal Roach produce?
Which music albums contain the song Last Christmas?
Give me all books written by Danielle Steel.
Which airports are located in California, USA?
Which states of Germany are governed by the Social Democratic Party?
Give me all Canadian Grunge record labels.
Which country has the most official languages?
In which programming language is GIMP written?
Who produced films starring Natalie Portman?
Give me all movies with Tom Cruise.
In which films did Julia Roberts as well as Richard Gere play?
Give me all female given names.
Who wrote the book The Pillars of the Earth?
How many films did Leonardo DiCaprio star in?
Give me all soccer clubs in the Premier League.
In which U.S. state is Mount McKinley located?
When was Capcom founded?
Which organizations were founded in 1930?
What is the highest mountain?
Was Natalie Portman born in the United States?
Which budget did the first movie of Zdenek Sverak have?
How many big fires struck Paris during the Middle Ages?
Is Jens Friebe a vegan?
How often was Michael Jordan divorced?
What is the most beautiful painting?
Give me all animal species that live in the Teutoburg Forest.